README.md, before:

# 👤 …hello.
I write code. Every now and then it works.  <br>Every now and then it doesn’t.  <br>Every now and then I write it after a coffee.  <br>Every now and then after something stronger.

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white) ![Svelte](https://img.shields.io/badge/svelte-%23f1413d.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=white) ![SvelteKit](https://img.shields.io/badge/sveltekit-%23ff3e00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=elect0&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=elect0&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=elect0&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=dark)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=elect0&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revamp README with new design and details
Updated the README with a new layout and personal information.

README.md, after:

<pre>
      ___           ___                                       ___     
     /__/\         /  /\                                     /  /\    
     \  \:\       /  /:/_                                   /  /::\   
      \__\:\     /  /:/ /\    ___     ___   ___     ___    /  /:/\:\  
  ___ /  /::\   /  /:/ /:/_  /__/\   /  /\ /__/\   /  /\  /  /:/  \:\ 
 /__/\  /:/\:\ /__/:/ /:/ /\ \  \:\ /  /:/ \  \:\ /  /:/ /__/:/ \__\:\
 \  \:\/:/__\/ \  \:\/:/ /:/  \  \:\  /:/   \  \:\  /:/  \  \:\ /  /:/
  \  \::/       \  \::/ /:/    \  \:\/:/     \  \:\/:/    \  \:\  /:/ 
   \  \:\        \  \:\/:/      \  \::/       \  \::/      \  \:\/:/  
    \  \:\        \  \::/        \__\/         \__\/        \  \::/   
     \__\/         \__\/                                     \__\/    
</pre>

<pre>
 <strong>$ whoami </strong>
 - I'm a 16 year old high school student from Romania. I go by elect0 online.
 - I love spending my time tinkering with software.

 <strong>$ finger </strong>
 Login: edu                             Name: edu
 Directory: /home/edu                   Shell: /usr/bin/edu
 Project:
   - <a href="https://github.com/elect0/frizetto">frizetto</a> for online barbershop booking
   - <a href="https://github.com/elect0/chimera">chimera</a> for on-the-fly image processing
</pre>

<!-- is my profile readme not mobile-friendly? I'd love to improve. let me know your suggestions -->
